feat: :package: support Traefik Hub v3.18 pluginRegistry feature (#1534)
containous/traefik-helm-chart: EXAMPLES.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
> When using ``hostPath`` volumes, the plugin source code must be available on every node where Traefik pods might be scheduled.

## Using Traefik-Hub private plugins registry

Some companies might want to deploy their private plugins located on custom registries.

> Using Traefik Hub, this can be achieved this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Traefik Hub, it's possible to use plugins deployed on both public or private registries. 
This can be achieved this way:
```

```yaml
hub:

>   token:  traefik-hub-license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  token: traefik-hub-license
```
